Now, before we go into the details of memory management in C++,
I want you to understand the structure of computer memory.
You will most certainly know that information and computers
are stored as a sequence of zeros and ones,
which are also called bits.
Now, a bit by the way is the smallest piece of information we can have in computing.
You will also know that eight bits are grouped into something called a byte.
Now, bits and bytes are expressed in a base two number system,
which is an alternative to the base 10 we're also familiar.
What some programmers do not know however,
is that in addition to the base two numbering system,
there is also a base 16 system,
which plays an important role in memory management.
Now, the idea of this section is to give you
an introduction into why base two is so useful,
how bits and bytes can be used to represent information,
and what a base 16 system does for us.
So let's go and look at some numbers.